>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
do you feel enough confidence to
finish this lab yourself?
I can give you five minutes.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
what was the answer to this?
So we are looping through the exhibits and
we are getting different objects.
Somehow we need to spread
the object within the HTML.
So something that I will do initially,
I will add a paragraph that's
going to reach out for
debugging and
I will say I will open php tag,
close php tag, and
I will say var_dump $object.
So it's not going to be nice,
but if I refresh,
now I can see on every article,
HML article,
at the top, I'm seeing what I have, okay?
So then I say, yeah, I have a title.
I have then a description, it's an array.
But remember that when you see array,
don't think just as a normal
array in other languages.
Here, the array can also be kind of
a map or a dictionary or a hash table.
So it can contain also string keys.
And then I just need to try
to spread that here, how?
Well, here, in the h2, instead of h2,
I can just remove that and
add a php tag with an echo
that will take the object.
And because it's an array, I use square
brackets, and in a string, the key.
Remember, we also have this shortcut that
is equals instead of php echo, okay?
It's up to you if you
wanna use that shortcut.
For the description, something similar.
So within the p, I will delete the hard
code paragraph, and I will open php tag.
And within the php tag, I'm going
to echo from object to description.
And for the image, if we look at the image
values, they don't have the full path.
It's just the image name,
the name of the file, right, the filename.
But here, we see that all
the images are in the gallery.
Question for you.
Can I open php tag in the middle
of an HTML attribute value?
What do you think?
>> Student: Yes.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Yes, why?
Because PHP treats HTML
as just a string output.
It's just characters.
It doesn't matter, right?
Anywhere in the HTML,
you can break the HTML and add PHP.
So that means that, yeah,
I can do that here.
Just have in mind to keep the HTML that
will be result of this consistent and
compatible.
So it's object, image.
So now I'm saving, reloading.
Now I'm seeing the text,
but not the image.
So let's debug the image first.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: If we look at
the image, we have sea-monsters.png.
So let's see,
do I have in gallery sea-monsters.png?
I do have.
So let's see if we have
any typo somewhere, and
let's remove the debug so
it looks better, okay, like that.
So I'm going to right-click here, inspect
on the image and look what's going on.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: It's
important to see the output.
It's gallery only,
gallery only, and say, why?
Do I have an echo here?
>> Student: No.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: No, but
it's not giving me any errors.
No, it's not.
It's just accessing the value and
doing nothing with it.
That's why you don't get an error, okay?
So be careful with that.
So I don't have an echo, so it's actually
not rendering that to the output.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Makes sense?
So not every time you have a PHP tag open,
it's going to render something
if you don't say so.
So now, if I refresh now,
I'm getting all the images.
And this is a server side generated app.